Weekly updates on Fridays (#2303)
sourcegraph/about: handbook/engineering/leadership/index.md

### Weekly updates

> Product managers (or engineering managers for teams that don't have a PM) send an update to [engineering-leadership-status@sourcegraph.com](https://groups.google.com/a/sourcegraph.com/g/engineering-leadership-status) every Friday by 1PM [PT](https://time.is/PT), or at EOD Thursday if you don't work on Friday. Delegate to someone else on your team to send the update when you are on vacation.

Author: I managed to confuse myself here. @scalabilitysolved has been sending code intel updates and @Joelkw has been sending web team updates. It is unclear to me which is the exception and which is the rule. I am going to revert this language back to what it was so I can merge this PR for its other merits.

```suggestion
Engineering managers send an update to [engineering-leadership-status@sourcegraph.com](https://groups.google.com/a/sourcegraph.com/g/engineering-leadership-status) every Friday by 1PM [PT](https://time.is/PT), or at EOD Thursday if you don't work on Friday. Delegate to someone else on your team to send the update when you are on vacation.
```

### Weekly updates

**Goal:** Increase awareness of each team's progress, tie progress to larger company goals, and communicate it across the organization.

> Product managers (or engineering managers for teams that don't have a PM) send an update to [engineering-leadership-status@sourcegraph.com](https://groups.google.com/a/sourcegraph.com/g/engineering-leadership-status) every Friday by 1PM [PT](https://time.is/PT), or at EOD Thursday if you don't work on Friday. Delegate to someone else on your team to send the update when you are on vacation.

Reviewer: @nicksnyder does this mean that weekly update emails should now be sent by the PM instead of the EM? If that's the case I can add this section to our Product Management page too.

Author: I confused myself, see update here. Going to revert this to previous language.

https://github.com/sourcegraph/about/pull/2303/files#r556041112

Anyone at the company can join the group to subscribe to these updates, but your primary audience is your manager (VP Eng and VP Product) and your peers (EMs/PMs).

Try to answer the following questions for each goal that your team is working on (for example: [Distribution team status update - 2020-11-16](https://groups.google.com/a/sourcegraph.com/g/engineering-leadership-status/c/l4iFZ6ZvWk8), [Web team status update: 2020-11-24](https://groups.google.com/a/sourcegraph.com/g/engineering-leadership-status/c/t-fwx8O4rvU/m/m7UVjfyGBQAJ)):

- What important things happened last week (for example: changes in important metrics, contact with customers, feedback collected, things shipped)?
- What are the plans for this week?
- What should my peer-team and manager be aware of?

> - Write one sentence that highlights on thing the team made progress on this week (can include an optional screenshot) that the VP Eng or VP Prodect can share to the entire company at company meeting. This progress should be framed in a way that is understandable by anyone at the company. It is ok if you don't have a highlight like this every week, but not having something two weeks in a row will raise questions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Write one sentence that highlights one thing the team made progress on this week (can include an optional screenshot) that the VP Eng or VP Product can share to the entire company at company meeting. This progress should be framed in a way that is understandable by anyone at the company. It is okay if you don't have a highlight like this every week, but not having something two weeks in a row will raise questions.
```
